a commemoration has been held for the
late Al jazer journalist samed Abu Daka
he was killed in an Israeli drone strike
on Gaza on Friday friends and colleagues
gathered in the occupied West Bank to
pay their tributes Imran Khan reports
from
Ral our colleagues at Al jazer have
allowed themselves a moment to remember
the life of Sam Abu Daka but this is
much more than just about remembering
sra's life this is about a commemoration
of the determination of all of the
journalists in Gaza to continue to
report despite the ultimate price that S
Abu paid Sam our cameraman I knew him
very well before Sam we lost Shireen we
demand Justice and when we say we demand
Justice for our colleagues it mean that
we want first of all to hold the uh who
is responsible for that accountability
and in the same time to try to protect
ourselves and our colleagues to continue
their job in the field and the third
thing and it's very important when they
targeted journalist when they targeted
Sam and W and others it mean that they
trying to assassinate the truth but
getting that Justice is going to take a
long time now a team of lawyers is
preparing a case for the international
criminal court uh but we've already done
one of those for my colleague our
colleague Shireen Abu Al who was killed
on the 11th of May
2022 by an Israeli sniper that still
hasn't been heard yet but right now the
best thing the only thing that the
network wants to do is to continue its
journalism Imran Khan Al jazer ramala